[Music]
hey we're money welcome to the wolf pit
today we're going to make some Chinese
roast pork fried rice and in order to
make roast pork fried rice you need to
have char siew which is Chinese rose
fork so we're going to make a marinade
real quick for our char siew and we
start off 3/4 cup of light soy sauce 1/2
a cup of shouting Chinese cooking wine
1/3 cup moisten sauce about three chunks
plus the juice of red Chinese fermented
bean curd this is what gives it the
color 1/3 of a cup of honey
[Music]
and about tablespoon Chinese five-spice
powder
[Music]
we're just going to mix all this
together it looks like a lot more than a
tablespoon but it's a tablespoon now we
have about two pounds of pork shoulder
that I've cut up in small pieces so I'm
gonna get this into our marinade
[Music]
all right we have all our meat in our
marinade and now we're going to put this
in the fridge for three to four hours
our perks are marinated for about four
hours now and we have it on a broiler
pan and we're going to put this under a
broiler on low until it gets nice and
roasted normally I'd like to do this on
the grill I've been out of time tonight
so we're to do it on in there all right
after about 15 minutes under broiler or
low or pork is done we're going get the
sliced up
[Music]
beautiful moist beautiful
all right all our roast pork is sliced
up I'm gonna go ahead and start frying
rice
all right way to start a fried rice off
with four eggs they've been scrambled
[Music]
[Applause]
there's my three tablespoons of oils
[Music]
right now we're gonna add two teaspoons
of garlic and half of a yellow onion
[Music]
and maybe three cups right
now I'm going to add about a cup of
frozen peas and carrots
[Music]
right now we're going to add half of a
pour two tablespoons of light soy sauce
[Music]
and the teaspoon sesame oil
I'm going to add half rags back in
[Applause]
[Music]
all right there you get our fried rice
is dog in here and get a bite I'm gonna
cheat a little bit here with these
chopsticks and use them as a scooper I'm
not very good with chopsticks in a bite
here see that nice of pipe and steamy
hot mmm the key to that is the roast
pork you get the sweet the spicy
cinnamon tea flavor from the five-spice
powder in the right in the and the pork
so good thank you guys very much for
watching and we'll see you next time
[Music]